CodePen Link: https://codepen.io/matthewwbolton/pen/povZeJj?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML conveys meaning and clearly defines its content
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to markup content on a webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        Attributes provide additional information about an element. They go in the opening tag of an element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        H1 elements are used for the main title on a page. They should only be used once per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img tags and anchor tags

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        the title of the document, scripts, styles and meta information

    7. What is an id?
        It specifies a unique id for an HTML element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        It can be used on any HTML element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        The ID attriburte should be used only once per page.

    10. What is a class? 
        Class is an attribute that specifies one or more class names for HTML elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        You may use class attributes on any HTML elements.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        You can use the same class as many times as needed per page.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target = "_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        It specifies alternate text for an image in the event a picture does not load.

    15. How do I reference an id?
        #'name of ID'

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section means the content inside is grouped together. A div does not convey any meaning.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to style a webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        You can select an element by using the element itself or by referencing its ID or Class attribute.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        The ID attribute has a heavier specificity weight than the class attribute. Use an ID when you want to identify one element. Use a class attribute when you want to identify multiple elements.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .'name of class'

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. These are useful when referencing nested elements.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        It is a selector that references elements that are in a specific state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform property

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        universal selector (*)

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        PWD = Print Working Directory

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm 'name of file to be removed' You have to be careful because this file will not be moved to the Trash like it would when using the GUI. The file will be permanently deleted.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        In order to track every individual change. You can revert to an earlier version if changes have broken your code.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        You should commit every 20/30 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push -u origin 'branch-name'

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork => Add Collaborator => Clone => Branch => Add => Commit => Push => Create Pull Request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
